1)In oops how abstraction differ from encapsulation?
Ans-In oops abstraction is showing the essential data of the user and hide the internal data to the user.
but encapsulation is wrapp of data and code in a single unit.
 so that encapsulation is hide all the data to the user it private.So user can't find easily the data but in absratction so spesific data we can see.

2)Difference between IS-A relation and HAS-A relation?
Ans-
IS-A=IS-A relation is like blood relation, attach to each one.
we can use is-a relation in inheritance.it occurs parent class property to child class property.if it happen then is-a relation is not passible.
HAS-A=In HAS-A relation oposite from that it is not blood relation.if one of the object is work that will be not affect to other one .
EX-Car and driver,if car is not available driver is still exist not affect to that.

3)Why java doesn't support Multiple inheritance?

Ans-Java does't support multiple inheritance beacause multiple inheritance is like dimond rule ,it is one child and many parent class.
so java does't understand how to call it and to find the perticular parent class.so it does't support multiple inheritance but
it can possible  through interface. 

7)Difference equals() method and equality operator(==)?
Ans-equals() method is like it define the two methode is equal or not.
eqality operators is also defind that equals of the two operators.

9)Difference between private,protected,and public modifiers in java?

Ans-
private=In private modifiers in can only works within class not out side class or package.We use private only inside class of specific task.
that is what we want to hide from others. 

protected=Protected modifiers is works inside the package and subclass of a package only and inherits class .

public=Public modifiers we can use any package but inside the program only,In every time in program we use  public.

10)Wrapper class?
Ans-Wrapper class is used to conver the data to the others data.
in wrapper class there is boxing or unboxing

12)Difference between heap and stack memory?
Ans-
Heap memory=Heap memory is store the data that is what we run in program and it store the duplicates value.
it is working good fast.

Stack memory=In stack memory we can not store any duplicates value ant it quite slow.

15)Use of Final keyword  in variable,method and class?

Ans-
Final keyword=Final keyword is a constants,it restric the program to others.

Variable=In variable final is to resrtic the program to do any other things.

methode=In method final keyword is like to be secure the proram and not do any other things.

